This pond belongs to everyone.
No, it's my own. This pool is owned by my family worker Qianhua.
Because the land in our area is easy to dry up.
So as for the domestic workers, they are in this pond called Qianqianhua,
Wait until it rains to get out of the water.
In this way, we can hand over the ground while waiting for the Qianhan.
Okay, then you write it down,
I want to do this, even you,
Word estimate, water channel, peanuts, and Chinese cabbage,
These seeds or seedlings. By the way,
There are also fish fry, all of which can be cooked using my Sucheng method.
Okay, it just so happens that we should be grateful first.
Another day, let's take a look at my house like this,
Finally got it done
My little doctor
The little sister is our dad
I'll make things worse for him if I don't